#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==0.10.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
attrs==20.3.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
cachetools==4.2.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via requests
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
cloudpickle==1.6.0
    # via tensorflow-probability
decorator==4.4.2
    # via tensorflow-probability
dill==0.3.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
dm-tree==0.1.5
    # via tensorflow-probability
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via tensorflow
future==0.18.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
gast==0.3.3
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-probability
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.2
    # via tensorboard
google-auth==1.24.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
googleapis-common-protos==1.52.0
    # via tensorflow-metadata
grpcio==1.32.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow
idna==2.10
    # via requests
importlib-resources==5.1.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
joblib==1.0.0
    # via scikit-learn
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.3.3
    # via tensorboard
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   opt-einsum
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-probability
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
promise==2.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
protobuf==3.14.0
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
rsa==4.7
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==0.24.1
    # via sklearn
scipy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   astunparse
    #   dm-tree
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   promise
    #   protobuf
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-probability
sklearn==0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard==2.4.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-datasets==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.4.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==0.27.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tensorflow-probability==0.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow==2.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
threadpoolctl==2.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tqdm==4.56.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-datasets
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via tensorflow
urllib3==1.26.3
    # via requests
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.36.2
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via tensorflow

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
